TMIB 68 (#177)
bors-ng/bors-ng.github.io: _posts/2022-09-01-tmib-68.md

we landed 5 PRs in the bors-ng repository.

"This Month in Bors" is written [in public on GitHub][GitHub for TMiB].
If you find a mistake, pull requests or issue reports are appreciated!

[GitHub for TMiB]: https://github.com/bors-ng/bors-ng.github.io

### Notable Additions

* jsoref [fixed](https://github.com/bors-ng/bors-ng/pull/1538) a zillion typos
* notriddle [added](https://github.com/bors-ng/bors-ng/pull/1534) the sample config for [this HOWTO](https://forum.bors.tech/t/how-to-deploy-your-own-instance-of-bors-ng-with-aws/660)

### New Contributors

* [Josh Soref (@jsoref)](https://github.com/jsoref)

Want to see your name in this newsletter? Contribute on our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/bors-ng/bors-ng).

### Who's using bors?

This month's featured user is [NixOps](https://github.com/NixOS/nixops), the pure functional configuration management system. NixOps, and its parent project NixOS, develops tooling for UNIX-like operating systems (mostly Linux and macOS) to cleanly separate the configuration of a system from its runtime state so that you can easily reproduce it.

Got any suggestions for next month?

> Post a comment on the [December pull request](https://github.com/bors-ng/bors-ng.github.io/pull/___).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Post a comment on the [September pull request](https://github.com/bors-ng/bors-ng.github.io/pull/177).
```

> Post a comment on the [December pull request](https://github.com/bors-ng/bors-ng.github.io/pull/___).

Author: Yeah, I was going to fix that problem before merging, but it needs to link to next month's PR, not this month's PR. https://github.com/bors-ng/bors-ng.github.io/pull/178
